Hi everybody and welcome back.
Now we're moving into a new section and it's time to talk about object our entailed program.
So this section is called classes object orientated program is one of the most effective ways of writing
software in Object orientation program.
You write classes that represent real world things and situations and create objects based on those
classes.
When you write a class you're defining the general behavior that whole category of objects can have.
Then when you create individual objects from the class each of those objects is automatically equipped
with the general behavior you have given each object so prepare to be amazed.
Making an object from a class is called instantiation and you work with instances of a class.
This section will write classes and create instances of those classes.
You can model almost anything using classes.
And let's start simple by writing a book class which obviously represents a book not one book in particular
but any book on what we know about most books.
Well they have a name.
They have a price and a publisher.
We also know that most books are either hard or soft cover or e-books.
These piece of information and behaviors will go into our book class because they're common to most
books.
This class will tell Spuyten how to make an object representing a book after a class is written.
We'll use it to make individual instances each representing one specific book.
Are you excited.
I hope so because I am.
Let's get started and create our first class the book Class.